
            ADiMat -- Automatic Differentiation for Matlab
                      ^         ^^                  ^^^


??? What is ADiMat?

  ADiMat extends Matlab code to automatically compute derivatives. The tool 
applies the techniques of automatic differentiation (AD) (see for instance:
http://www.autodiff.org for basic knowledge). The source code of the Matlab
program has to be available and modifyable by you. It has to be completely
written in Matlab. I.e. no Java method calls, no custom library calls
(builtins are ok, though), no custom mex-fife calls (again Matlab provided are
ok).

                              ---------------
                              
??? How can I use it?

  Reading this file ADiMat is installed on your system. Generate a small
test-function like:

function res=test(x)
res= x^2;

and store in a file test.m in the current directory. Apply addiff to it:

> addiff(@test);

Their should be some output on the screen and last line should tell you
'Success!'. If not go the Matlab directory, browse to toolbox subdirectory and
then to adimat\doc. The file adimat.html is the beginning of ADiMat's
documentation.

                              ---------------
                              
??? What are the prerequisites?

  ADiMat is under development. Currently not all functions provided with
Matlab are known to ADiMat. This database will be extend in future. Do not
hesitate to read the documentation about builtins.

Furthermore, a few constructions of Matlab are not understood be ADiMat yet.
These are:

- classes
- calls to (f)eval-functions
- functions in private directories.

Please read the documenation for a more complete list.

                              ---------------

??? Am I allowed to distribute the augmented code?

  Yes, the augmented code is your code with some enhancements. 

                              ---------------
  
??? Am I allowed to distribute the derivative class along with my augmented
code?
  
  Yes, you are allowed to distribute the derivative class and its support
functions along with your augmented program, but not the executable and the
builtin database. Furthermore you are not allowed to modify the derivative
class. This includes especially the copyright statement in each file.


!!! Anything else: Please read the documentation before contacting the
authors.


